TO THE
FEBRUARY 19TH IN AABERG
COMMISSION ON DISABILITY ISSUES
MEETING TODAY AND JUST TO LET
OUR VIEWERS KNOW THAT THIS
MEETING WILL BE BROADCAST LIVE
ON C10 CABLE CHANNEL 16 AT
CHANNEL NINETY NINE AND ONLINE
AT EIGHT TO GO DOUG WATCH CTM
AND FOR VIEWERS TO SPEAK AT
PUBLIC COMMENT PLEASE CALL TOLL
FREE EIGHT SEVEN SEVEN EIGHT
FIVE THREE ONE TWO FOUR SEVEN
EIGHT EIGHT EIGHT EIGHT EIGHT
ZERO ZERO NINE NINE
INTERMEETING MEETING ID ONE
NINE EIGHT SIX SEVEN THREE ONE
FOUR FIVE FIVE.
WITH THAT I WILL NOW TURN IT
OVER TO KENNEDY FOR THE ROLL
CALL UPON YOUR NAME BEING
CALLED PLEASE UNMUTED AND SAY
WHERE YOU ARE COMING FROM TODAY
AND ALSO YOUR POSITION.
THANK YOU JUROR DAMAN YES HI
GOOD AFTERNOON EVERYONE.
MY NAME IS ZACH DAMON CHAIRMAN
COMING FROM AN HOUR AGAIN
WASHTENAW COUNTY VICE CHAIR
KEYLA VICE CHAIR PEOPLE COMING
FROM ONE SIDE AND OVER
COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ GOOD
AFTERNOON EVERYONE.
THIS IS COUNTY COMMISSIONER
CALLING IN FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN COMMISSIONER SOLOMON
MARTHA SOLOMON COMMISSIONER AND
BARBARA WASHTENAW COUNTY
COMMISSIONER
GOSSAGE COMMISSIONER RADCLYFFE
THIS IS COMMISSIONER ROSS ANITA
RATCLIFFE CALLING IN FROM ANN
ARBOR COMMISSIONER PACARD
COMMISSIONER CHAMBERS OLINA
CHAMBERS COMMISSIONER CALLING
IN FROM ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> THANK YOU COMMISSIONER
BEWES.
HI LORI BEWES COMMISSIONER
CALLING FROM ANN ARBOR
COMMISSIONER AND KAMBALA.
>> HELLO SAMMY COMBOVER YOUR
COMMISSIONER CALLING IN FROM
ANN ARBOR AS WELL AND
COMMISSIONER CONRADE I ANNIKA
CONRADE CALLING FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN AND CAN'T REMEMBER
GODSE AT ONE
EVERYONE CALLS
WHETHER I SHOULD GYASI EDWYN
COMING FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN.
PERFECT.
AND THEN BEFORE WE GO FORWARD I
SEE SOMEONE IN THE CHAT NAME
I'M PHONE I'M JUST GOING TO
ALLOW THEM TO SPEAK TO SEE WHO
THAT IS.
>> COMMISSIONER PACARD, IS THAT
YOU?
COMMISSIONER PACKER?
IS THAT YOU?
>> YEAH.
CAN YOU HEAR ME NOW?
YES.
OK, OUR NAME YOU AND
COMMISSIONER PACKER CAN YOU
WE'RE DOING ROLL CAN YOU SAY
YOU'RE HERE AND WHERE YOU'RE
CALLING FROM.
>> YES I AM HERE IN ANN ARBOR
MICHIGAN CALLING FROM HERE.
>> PERFECT.
THANK YOU.
AND ZACH WE HAVE COME THANK YOU
VERY MUCH KENNEDY.
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR THOSE
INTRODUCTIONS.
WE'LL GO AHEAD AND MOVE ON TO
THE PUBLIC COMMENT SECTION
OF THE AGENDA.
PLEASE NOTE THAT ANY INDIVIDUAL
WHO HAS DONE PUBLIC COMMENT OR
PLANS TO GIVE PUBLIC COMMENT
TODAY YOU HAVE THREE MINUTES TO
DO SO AND KENNEDY WILL LET YOU
KNOW WHEN YOUR TIME IS UP.
DO WE HAVE ANYONE ON FOR A
PUBLIC COMMENT AT THIS TIME WE
HAVE NO ONE ON THE PHONE FOR
PUBLIC COMMENT SO WE HAVE NOT
AT THIS TIME.
>> THANK YOU, KENNEDY.
NEXT I WOULD LIKE TO GO TO THE
APPROVAL OF TODAY'S AGENDA AND
I JUST HAD ONE QUICK POINT I
WOULD LIKE TO MAKE A QUICK
AMENDMENT TO TODAY'S AGENDA IF
POSSIBLE COUNCIL MEMBER EDWIN
DOES HAVE TO LEAVE A BIT EARLY
THIS AFTERNOON.
SO I WAS WONDERING IF WE COULD
MOVE HER APPROVAL HER REPORT UP
TO AT DO HER REPORT AFTER THE
APPROVAL OF THE MINUTES.
IS THERE A MOTION TO DO SO OR
ANY DISCUSSION ON THAT AT THIS
TIME OF MOVE TO MOVE A COUNCIL
MEMBER GOZI EDWINS REPORT TO
WHEN WAS IT I JUST WANT TO MAKE
SURE I GET THE WORDING RIGHT.
>> SURE.
NO PROBLEM.
I WAS JUST GOING TO HAVE TO DO
IT AFTER THE APPROVAL OF THE
MINUTES BEFORE THE SPECIAL
PRESENTATION.
>> THEN I GO TO AFTER THE
MINUTES.
>> ALL RIGHT.
IS THAT ALL RIGHT?
>> THANK YOU.
VICE CHAIRMAN.
I'M ALL IN FAVOR OF MOVING THE
CITY COUNCIL UPDATE TO AFTER
THE APPROVAL OF THE MINUTES FOR
THE MEETING TODAY PLEASE ON YOU
AND SAY I I I I AY WONDERFUL.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH YOU GUYS
FOR THE FLEXIBILITY ON THAT.
I DO APPRECIATE IT.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE HAVE THE APPROVAL YOU
OH YEAH ABSOLUTELY.
NEXT WE HAVE THE APPROVAL
OF THE MEETING MINUTES FOR
JANUARY 15TH THAT SHOULD BE
LINKED IN YOUR AGENDA IF YOU
HAVE NOT RECEIVED ANY OF THE
MEETING THEN PLEASE LET US KNOW
AND WE CAN GET YOUR COPY AT
THIS TIME.
OTHERWISE I WOULD LIKE TO OPEN
IT UP TO COMMISSIONERS TO
APPROVE THE JANUARY MEETING
MINUTES FOR JANUARY FIFTEENTH.
>> DO WE HAVE A MOTION?
>> OH NO.
WE APPROVE THE LETTER FROM THE
PREVIOUS MINUTE.
>> OK, THANK YOU VICE CHAIRMAN.
IS THERE A SECOND?
THIS IS KATHLEEN.
I WILL SECOND.
THANK YOU KATHLEEN.
ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING THE
MEETING MINUTES FROM JANUARY
FIFTY PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY I
THE MEETING MINUTES ARE
APPROVED SO NEXT WE MOVED WE
MOVE ON TO THE CITY COUNCIL
UPDATE WITH I SHOULD JUST GET
ONE GOOD AFTERNOON.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON.
THANK YOU EVERYBODY.
I HAVE SOME ARRIVE TO TAKE MY
SON.
SO IF YOU SEE A THREE YEAR OLD
GIRL FLYING BEHIND ME ATTEMPT
SO FOR UPDATES I HAVE I DON'T
HAVE A LOT OF UPDATES BESIDES
THE HOUSING LOSS WHICH SOME
OF YOU MAY HAVE HEARD OF .
>> SO I'VE BEEN KIND
OF STEADILY UPDATING YOU GUYS
ON THE CITY CREATING A
DATABASE
THAT'S SIMILAR TO DETROIT HOME
CONNECTED DETROIT WE'RE ALL
RENTAL PROPERTIES WOULD BE
AGGREGATED AND RESIDENTS CAN
SEARCH BASED ON FAMILY SIZE AND
INCOME AND ACCESSIBILITY
FEATURES.
>> SO THE CITY FOUND A VENDOR
HE HIS NAME IS DOMINIC OWLES.
>> I THINK IT'S OURS ALONE AND
HE ACTUALLY CREATES THE WEBSITE
COLLEGE PAD'S WHICH YOU GUYS
MAY HAVE HEARD OF .
IT'S A WEBSITE THAT'S ON A LOT
OF COLLEGE CAMPUSES THAT
AGGREGATES HOUSING FOR
STUDENTS.
>> SO IT EXISTS THAT YOU HAVE
BUT YOU CAN ONLY ACCESS IT WITH
THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN LAW
AGAIN.
>> SO THE CITY TALK TO DOMINIC
AND DOMINIC HAS PROPOSED THIS
PLATFORM.
THE CRITERIA HAVEN'T BEEN
IRONED OUT YET ABOUT WHAT WOULD
THE CRITERIA BE BUT IT LOOKS
LIKE IT IS GOING TO MOVE
FORWARD WHICH IS GOOD NEWS .
I THINK THAT LAST TIME WE
TALKED ABOUT THIS IT WAS LIKE
APRIL OR WITH LAST TIME WE
THOUGHT THIS WAS REALLY GOING
TO HAPPEN WAS APRIL OF LAST
YEAR AND I HAD STARTED A
RESOLUTION.
ROSALITA ALSO OUT TO KIND
OF ADD SOME IDEAS TO IT.
SO I'M NOT SURE WHEN THIS
AGREEMENT IS GOING TO COME
BETWEEN IT'S CALLED CITYWIDE
CITYWIDE IN THE CITY IN THE
CITY YET.
>> BUT I DID MAKE CLEAR THAT I
WANT PROPOSE A RESOLUTION THAT
I HOPE TO WRITE IN CONJUNCTION
WITH YOU GUYS.
>> AND THEN I ALSO WANT TO GO
AND TALK TO THE RENTERS
COMMISSION ABOUT WHAT KIND
OF CRITERIA DO WE WANT TO SEE
WHAT KIND OF SEARCH SEARCH
FIELDS WILL HAVE?
A FEW THINGS THAT I'VE ALREADY
KIND OF MADE CLEAR IS THAT
OBVIOUSLY I WANT ACCESSIBILITY
FEATURES BE ABLE TO BE
SEARCHABLE.
I WANT TENANTS RIGHTS TO BE
LINKED TO IT AT LEAST THAT THEY
COULD DO AND ALSO PULLING
REPORTS ON WHO'S GETTING
HOUSING, WHO'S NOT GETTING
HOUSING, PROVIDING THAT TO CITY
COUNCIL AND TO THE PUBLIC.
>> SO I DON'T HAVE A FIRM DATE
OF WHEN THIS IS GOING TO
ACTUALLY COME.
BUT I DO THINK IT'S GOOD TO FOR
US TO START THINKING ABOUT A
RESOLUTION AND THEN ALSO SOME
COLLABORATION WITH RENTERS AS
WELL.
ANY QUESTIONS?
>> YEAH, ANY QUESTIONS ON THIS?
YOU KNOW, SEEMS LIKE A VERY
WONDERFUL INITIATIVE.
I YEAH I AM JUST A QUESTION AND
FORGIVE ME IF THIS HAS BEEN
ADDRESSED ALREADY BUT ARE THERE
CONSIDERATIONS AND PLANS IN
PROGRESS YET CONCERNING HOW THE
INFORMATION WILL GET UPDATED
OVER TIME AS FEATURES MAY COME
AND GO?
>> YEAH, THAT'S A GREAT
QUESTION.
SO THE BUILDING DEPARTMENT
LINKED UP WITH DOMINIC AND YOU
KNOW WE HAVE OUR OWN INSPECTORS
WHO GO AND INSPECT PROPERTY AND
THAT'S UPDATED WHEN THEY GO AND
INSPECT IT.
BUT ACTUALLY A CITY WISE IS
GOING TO PAY FOR A FULL TIME
STAFF POSITION WHO'S GOING TO
GO AND GET THE INFORMATION ON A
PERIODIC BASIS AND UPDATE THE
SYSTEM?
THEIR ANGLE IS THAT I GUESS
THEY'RE GOING TO BE CHARGING A
SMALL FEE.
>> IT'S TEN DOLLARS A MONTH FOR
LANDLORDS TO BE FEATURED ON
THIS DATABASE AND I HAVE ALSO
SAID THAT LIKE AFFORDABLE
HOUSING OR PUBLIC HOUSING THEY
SHOULDN'T HAVE TO PAY A FEE.
>> SO AGAIN, THIS IS THE TERM
IS BEING NEGOTIATED BETWEEN
CITY STAFF, ATTORNEYS AND
DOMINIC.
SO I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH WE
HAVE TO SAY BUT I THINK THAT
IT'S MAKING DEMANDS AROUND HOW
PUBLIC HOUSING IS TREATED, HOW
INFORMATION GATHERED.
I THINK ONE THING ABOUT
ACCESSIBLE IS WE DON'T HAVE A
STANDARDIZED WAY OF ASSESSING
ACCESSIBILITY BEYOND THE ADA
REQUIREMENTS.
>> THERE MIGHT BE SOME TOOLS
OUT THERE THAT I'M NOT FAMILIAR
WITH SO IT'LL BE SOMETHING THAT
WE'RE REALLY GOING TO HAVE TO
LOOK INTO.
DOMINIC DID GO AND MEET WITH
DETROIT HOME CONNECT AND ASKED
ABOUT THEIR PROCESS BUT IT'S A
GOOD QUESTION AND SOMETHING
THAT I'LL GIVE YOU GUYS MORE
INFORMATION AS I HEAR.
THANK YOU.
YEAH, I HAVE A QUESTION.
>> HI THIS IS MONICA SINCE I'M
JUST WONDERING IF YOU COULD
SHARE A LITTLE BIT OF THE
BACKGROUND LIKE THE REASON FOR
THE PROJECT OBVIOUSLY I WILL
MAKE IT MORE SEARCHABLE.
>> JUST CURIOUS.
>> YEAH.
SO I'M THE PREVIOUS DEPUTY
DIRECTOR OF DETROIT DISABILITY
POWER AND THE CIS WHICH IS AN
ORGANIZATION AND DETROIT DOES A
LOT OF YOU KNOW, ORGANIZING
WITH PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES
AND WE WORKED CLOSELY WITH THE
CITY OF DETROIT AND AT THAT
TIME MY ORGANIZATION HELPED THE
CITY TO BUILD DETROIT HOME
CONNECT WHICH IS A WEBSITE WITH
THESE VERTICAL FIELDS AND WHAT
THEY FOUND IS, YOU KNOW,
BECAUSE THE MAJORITY OF PEOPLE
WHO EXPERIENCE HOUSING
INSECURITY ALSO HAVE
DISABILITIES IS THAT PREVIOUSLY
WHEN THEY COULDN'T THE
ACCESSIBILITY FEATURES SOMEONE
WOULD GO TO A SHELTER WHICH
WOULDN'T BE ACCESSIBLE, IT
WOULD EXACERBATE THEIR
DISABILITY.
THEY'D FINALLY BE PUT ON A WAIT
LIST.
THEY GET OUT THEY GO TO A
HOUSING UNIT AND THERE WOULD BE
A RAMP GOING UP AND IT WAS LIKE
THE CIRCULAR KIND OF CYCLE THAT
WAS HAPPENING AND WOULD
EXACERBATE DISABILITY AND JUST
HOUSING AND SECURITY.
>> SO THIS IDEA CAME UP AND IT
ACTUALLY REALLY HAS IMPROVED
HOUSING OUTCOMES.
>> AND SO WHEN I FIRST TALKED
TO THE CITY ABOUT IT, THEY
DIDN'T SEE HOW IT COULD BE
POSSIBLE UNTIL THIS VENDOR CAME
ALONG.
>> SO I THINK NOW NEXT STEP IS
REALLY THE TWO COMMISSIONS KIND
OF GETTING ENGAGED A LITTLE BIT
WHILE REALIZING, YOU KNOW, THIS
IS A BIG PROJECT BETWEEN I.T.
AS WELL.
>> BUT THERE ARE SOME THINGS
THAT WE CAN ASK FOR SO IT'S
REALLY ADDRESSING THE PROBLEM
OF FINDING ACCESSIBLE HOUSING.
>> YEAH, AND ALSO WITH
AGGREGATING ALL THE HOUSING
UNLESS SOMEONE WERE TO
PARTICIPATE.
IT ALSO LEVELS THE PLAYING
FIELD.
>> YOU KNOW, THE SMALL MOM AND
POP LANDLORDS WILL BE ABLE TO
HAVE ADVERTISING NEXT TO BIG
LANDLORDS THAT WE PREDOMINANTLY
SEE ADVERTISED EVERYWHERE.
QUESTION OK, THANK YOU.
YEAH.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS?
I DON'T THINK SO.
I JUST WANT TO SAY THANK YOU
COUNCIL MEMBER FOR ALL YOUR
EFFORTS ON THIS AND YOU KNOW
YEAH.
PLEASE LET US KNOW AS YOU HEAR
MORE INFORMATION AND THEN WE
CAN DISCUSS SORT OF I GUESS THE
APPROPRIATE SUBCOMMITTEE OR
INDIVIDUALS ON THE COMMISSION
HERE THAT YOU KNOW COULD
POSSIBLY HELP WITH THE
RESOLUTION.
PLEASE ALL OF YOU IF THERE ARE
INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE INTERESTED
IN HELPING WITH THAT RESOLUTION
AND REVIEWING, PLEASE LET
MYSELF KNOW KENNEDY KNOW AND
YOU KNOW OR DO BENGHAZI HAD AND
WE CAN GO FROM I THINK ROSIE
DENHA HAS HER HAND UP THE I
HAVE A QUICK QUESTION.
DETROIT HOME CONNECT IT WAS
BUILT WITH IT.
IT IS A GOOGLE THAT ORG AND X
GEE I DON'T KNOW IT WAS LIKE A
CONSULTING COMPANY THAT THAT
BUILT AND THEN CONSULTED WITH
US AND THERE WAS ONE OTHER
NONPROFIT THAT ALSO CONSULTED
WITH THEM AND I GUESS MY
QUESTION IS WHY GO WITH THEM?
WHY NOT TRY SOMETHING LIKE THAT
WITH THE CITY AS OPPOSED TO
CITY WISE WHICH IS A WHOLE
DIFFERENT TYPE OF COMPANY AFTER
ONE CITY ONE SECOND ON A HAVE
SO FAR?
>> IT'S A GOOD QUESTION.
MY SON HAS A LOT OF WORDS ABOUT
IT SO YOU KNOW SO ACTUALLY I
GUESS WHAT'S HAPPENING IS WELL
THE VENDOR THAT DOES DETROIT
CHARGERS A LOT I DON'T KNOW ALL
THE DETAILS AND DOMINIC AND MET
WITH THE CITY AND ACTUALLY NOW
THEY'RE TRANSITIONING OVER TO
CITYWIDE.
>> IT'S SO I CAN'T ANSWER ALL
THE QUESTIONS BUT I THINK THAT
STAFF COULD ESPECIALLY THE IT
DEPARTMENT AND POTENTIALLY THE
ATTORNEY THE ATTORNEY'S OFFICE
THAT WAS REALLY KIND OF AN
INTERNAL CITY DECISION.
BUT IT IS WAS SOMETHING THAT
WAS YOU KNOW, I KEPT
ENCOURAGING WE NEED US BUT I
CAN'T TELL YOU SPECIFICS ABOUT
WHY THEY WENT AFTER ONE VENDOR
OR THE OTHER.
>> BUT ONE IS CITY WISE REALLY
CAME TO US AND SAID LIKE THIS
IS MOSTLY GOING TO BE FREE FOR
US.
AND ALSO ROSEN, I DO WANT TO
MAKE SURE THAT WE GET THIS IN
FRONT OF RENTERS.
>> SO AS THIS AGREEMENT BETWEEN
THE ATTORNEY'S OFFICE AND
DOMINIC IS BEING WORKED ON, I
THINK I THINK DOMINIC COMING TO
THE RENTERS COMMISSION MEETING
AS WELL AS MYSELF AND MAYBE
SOMEONE FROM KODAI IF YOU WANT
YOU WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA.
I THINK APRIL IS THE MONTH THAT
WE DON'T HAVE ANYONE COMING BUT
A HAVE TO CHECK AGAIN WITH OUR
TENANT EDUCATION COMMITTEE
BECAUSE THAT'S KIND OF HOW
WE'RE GOING ABOUT WHAT WE'RE
SCHEDULING WITH OK, OK, I CAN
REACH OUT AND WE CAN THEN JUST
SCHEDULE IT AND GO FROM THERE
AND I GET I DON'T HAVE A DATE
ABOUT ONCE SOME SORT
OF AGREEMENT IS COMING BUT I'LL
LET THE CITY ADMINISTRATOR KNOW
WE WE WANT SOME COMMISSION
INPUT YOU NODDING SORRY.
>> OK MY KID IS WEARING MY HIGH
HEELS ON THE BACKGROUND SO ALL
RIGHT THANK YOU.
ALRIGHT THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU FOLKS FOR THAT.
I DO APPRECIATE IT.
NEXT WE'RE GOING TO MOVE ON TO
THE SPECIAL PRESENTE NATION
PORTION OF OUR MEETING AND I'M
VERY EXCITED AND THANK YOU SO
MUCH FOR BEING PATIENT WITH US
THIS AFTERNOON.
OH, WHAT'S ALL THAT?
OH, VERY THERE I WAS TRYING TO
MAKE SURE I COULD SEE US BUT
I'D LIKE TO INTRODUCE AND
PARDON ME IF I HOW DO YOU
PRONOUNCE YOUR LAST NAME?
DO YOU MIND IF YOU AND JUST LET
ME KNOW ERIC GARNER.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
SO I WOULD LIKE TO INTRODUCE
TEST CARE CHARACTER OF THE
ACCESSIBLE FUTURES LAB.
WE'RE AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN DOING A LOT
OF GREAT WORK THERE AND JUST
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR JOINING
US.
IT IS A PRIVILEGE AND A
PLEASURE.
SO THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THE FLOOR IS YOURS.
>> ALL RIGHT.
HELLO.
ZACH SAID MY NAME IS TESS
KERCHNER.
I WORK FOR THE DIGITAL
ACCESSIBLE FUTURES LAB YOU AVAM
WHICH IS IN THE DIGITAL STUDIES
INSTITUTE AND THEN I AM ALSO A
FOURTH YEAR BACHELORS
OF SCIENCE AND NURSING STUDENT
AND I'LL BE STARTING MY PHD
NEXT YEAR IN ALSO DISABILITY
JUSTICE IN NURSING FOCUS.
I'M GOING TO BE TALKING ABOUT A
GROUP THAT I LEAD AT THE SCHOOL
OF NURSING AND THAT YOU HAVE
MORE BROADLY CALLED DISABILITY
JUSTICE AT MICHIGAN AND I JUST
WANT TO YOU KNOW, THINK COULD I
FOR INVITING ME UM I'M EXCITED
TO SHARE.
>> SO WHEN I CAME TO NURSING
SCHOOL OH HERE WE'LL START WITH
THAT PRACTICE OF DGM SO
DISABILITY JUSTICE AT MICHIGAN
IS NOT ONLY A STUDENT GROUP BUT
A BROADER COMMUNITY GROUP.
WE HAVE STUDENTS IT STARTED
WITH MOSTLY STUDENTS FROM
NURSING BUT IT GREW TO BE
STUDENTS FROM OTHER HEALTH
SCIENCE GROUPS AND THEN JUST
STUDENTS IN GENERAL.
WE ALSO HAVE HAD COMMUNITY
MEMBERS UM SOME OF THEM ALSO
COLLEGE AGE STUDENTS BUT ALL
THE WAY UP TO WE HAD A MEMBER
WHO'S IN THEIR NINETIES JOINING
MEETINGS SO OUR OBJECTIVES ARE
TO PROVIDE OPPORTUNITIES TO
ENGAGE WITH DISABILITY HEALTH
EQUITY AND DISABILITY CULTURE
EDUCATION, PROVIDE A SOCIAL
NETWORK FOR DISABLED DERFNER
DIVERGENT OR CHRONICALLY ILL
STUDENTS TO KNOW EACH OTHER, TO
KNOW ABOUT THE RESOURCES ON
CAMPUS AND TO RELATE TO EACH
OTHER TO CONNECT STUDENTS WITH
OPPORTUNITIES TO REPRESENT THE
DISABILITY COMMUNITY IN THEIR
RESPECTIVE PROFESSIONS WHETHER
THAT BE THROUGH INTERNSHIPS,
SUMMER OPPORTUNITIES, JOBS AND
THEN ALSO TO RAISE AWARENESS
FOR POLICY AFFECTING THE
DISABILITY COMMUNITY WHETHER
THAT BE UNIVERSITY POLICY ALL
THE WAY UP UNTIL ADVOCATING FOR
NATIONAL POLICY SO I WENT TO
NURSING SCHOOL BECAUSE I HAVE A
DISABILITY MYSELF.
I ALSO GREW UP IN A VERY
INTEGRATED FAMILY.
I WAS VERY INTERESTED IN THE
WAY THAT PEOPLE WITH
DISABILITIES ARE TREATED AND
LIKE A SOCIAL WAY WHEN THEY GO
TO THE DOCTOR AND INTERACT WITH
THE HEALTH CARE SYSTEM MORE
BROADLY.
>> HOWEVER, WHEN I LOOKED IN
TWO DIFFERENT THINGS A STUDY IN
COLLEGE I DID NOT FIND A LOT
OF INFORMATION ON NURSES WITH
DISABILITIES.
IN FACT THE FIRST THING THAT
CAME UP WAS STUDY ABOUT
STUDENTS WITH MY DIAGNOSIS AND
THE FINDING OF PERVASIVE
ACADEMIC UNDERACHIEVEMENT AND I
WAS LIKE OH THAT CAN'T BE OUR
GOOGLE REPRESENTATION, RIGHT?
WE NEED TO COME UP WITH SOME
OTHER SOME OTHER
REPRESENTATION.
SO I CAME TO NURSING SCHOOL.
I WANTED TO FOCUS ON CARING FOR
PATIENTS WITH LIFELONG
DISABILITY AND I FOUND THAT
THERE WAS A GAP IN THAT
CURRICULUM AND THAT I WASN'T
REALLY LEARNING HOW TO DO
CERTAIN PROCEDURES OR CERTAIN
ASSESSMENT ON PEOPLE WHO AREN'T
REPRESENTED IN NURSING
TEXTBOOKS LIKE THE QUOTE
UNQUOTE TYPICAL PATIENT.
>> SO I MET WITH THE CHIEF
OFFICER WHO IS NOW THE
ASSISTANT DISTRICT EDUCATION,
DR. RUCHIKA PATEL AND SHE
ENCOURAGED TO START A CLUB SO
LIKE I SAID, STARTED WITH
NURSING MAJORS AND REALLY ENDED
UP SPREADING AND THAT'S WHY WE
STARTED DISABILITY NURSING
ASSOCIATION.
>> BUT NOW WE'RE DISABILITY
JUSTICE IN MICHIGAN.
SO DISABILITY EDUCATION I WOULD
SAY IS MOST OF WHAT WE DO WE'VE
DONE A COUPLE OF BOOK CLUBS AS
WELL AS A FILM SERIES THAT
STRETCH A WHOLE SEMESTER LONG
AND DURING THIS FILM CLUB WE
COLLABORATED WITH PRETTY MUCH
EVERY OTHER DISABILITY RELATED
GROUP ON CAMPUS.
WE'VE ALSO GOT VERY LUCKY TO BE
SUPPORTED BY THE SCHOOL
OF NURSING AND INVITING
LECTURERS WHO FOCUS ON
DISABILITY RESEARCH AND OFTEN
HAVE DISABILITIES THEMSELVES.
SO DR BETH MARKS IS A DEAF
NURSE WHO HAS REALLY FOCUSED ON
HEALTH PROMOTION FOR PEOPLE
WITH INTELLECTUAL AND
DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITY.
MARY MILKIE IS ONE OF MICHIGAN
MEDICINE'S OWN NURSE MIDWIVES
WHO RUNS THE OGWYN CLINIC FOR
PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES.
DR SABRINA JAMALUDDIN, ANOTHER
DISABLED NURSE JUDY HUMAN WAS
AMAZING TO HOST MY FRESHMAN
YEAR AND THEN DR. CHRISTINA
NIKOLAIDIS WHO WORKS CLOSELY
WITH AUTISTIC POPULATION TO
CO DESIGN TOOLS FOR
FACILITATING EFFECTIVE
COMMUNICATION BETWEEN AUTISTIC
PEOPLE AND THEIR HEALTH CARE
PROVIDERS.
>> SO MOSTLY EDUCATION.
AND HERE WE HAVE A PICTURE HERE
OF A SMALL BOOK CART WITH ABOUT
FIFTEEN BOOKS ON IT.
>> THIS IS OUR LITTLE REALLY
WHICH WAS FUNDED THROUGH A DC
GRANT AT THE SCHOOL OF NURSING.
SO WE HAVE BOOKS MOSTLY BY
AUTHORS DISABILITIES TALKING
ABOUT DISABILITY IDENTITY,
DISABILITY CULTURE AND HOW THAT
INTERACTS WITH THE HEALTH CARE
ENVIRONMENT.
UM, AND THIS IS A PERMANENT
PART OF THE NURSING SCHOOL.
IT IS LOCATED IN THE BASEMENT.
IT ALSO HAS A COUPLE LIKE
PRINTED LIKE ACADEMIC ARTICLES
TO KEPT AGAIN MOSTLY BY
DISABLED RESEARCHERS FOCUSING
ON ADVANCING HEALTH EQUITY AND
THEN THERE'S A LITTLE BUBBLE
HERE ON THE RIGHT THAT SAYS
NURSING TO THIRTY TWO AND
NURSING TO THIRTY EIGHT.
>> THESE ARE FOUNDATIONAL
REQUIRED CLASSES THAT EVERY
NURSING MAJOR AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN TAKES NOW IN BOTH
OF THESE CLASSES BECAUSE OF THE
WORK OF DGM WE HAVE CURRICULUM
THAT IS TAUGHT EVERY YEAR ABOUT
HOW TO CARE FOR PATIENTS WITH
CEREBRAL PALSY PATIENTS WHO ARE
BLIND, LOW VISION DEAF, HARD
OF HEARING AND ON THE SPECTRUM
.
SO THAT'S VERY EXCITING.
THEY ALSO USE A NARRATIVE
ANTHOLOGY THAT WAS BUILT BY A
DISABLED UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
STUDENTS, THREE OF WHOM ARE
INDIGENT TO TEACH IN A CULTURE
OF HEALTH CLASS IN TERMS
OF CULTURE THIS HAS BEEN REALLY
FUN ESPECIALLY BECAUSE A LOT
OF OUR MEMBERS HADN'T GROWN UP
AROUND A LOT OF LIKE DISABILITY
CULTURAL COMMUNITIES.
I GREW UP IN ANN ARBOR SO I WAS
ABLE TO BE A PART OF ADAPTIVE
SPORTS IN LOTS OF STUFF LIKE
THAT AND IT'S BEEN REALLY
EXCITING TO SHARE THAT.
LIKE I MENTIONED, LOTS OF FILMS
AND BOOKS BUT WE ALSO ATTENDED
WHAT'S NOW THE MOST ATTENDED
WHEELCHAIR BASKETBALL GAME IN
HISTORY AT THE CHRYSLER CENTER
THIS PAST WEEK WE HAVE GONE TO
DROP IN MILITARY BASKETBALL
CLINICS LIKE I MENTIONED THE
DISABILITY CULTURE ANTHOLOGY
WAS AN OPPORTUNITY FOR STUDENTS
TO HAVE THEIR STORIES TOLD IN
PRINT AND DISTRIBUTED ACROSS
THE COUNTRY AND BE COMPENSATED
FOR THEIR ART AND ALSO FOR
STUDENTS TO BE FEATURED ON AN
OPEN ACCESS ANTHOLOGY WEBSITE.
>> WE HAD A DISABILITY AND
NEURODIVERSITY PARADE ACROSS
ALL THREE CAMPUSES WHERE
STUDENTS USING ACCOMMODATIONS
OR OR NOT JUST ANYONE WHO
IDENTIFIES AS HAVING A
DISABILITY WERE ABLE TO MEET
UP, LEARN ABOUT A VARIETY
OF SOCIAL CLUBS ON ALL THREE
CAMPUSES AND OF COURSE THE SS
E-SERVICES THAT WAS HELD IN
COLLABORATION WITH THE DIGITAL
ACCESSIBLE FEATURES MOST
OF WHICH IS LED BY PROFESSORS
AT DISABILITIES THEMSELVES
WHICH I THINK IS A REALLY
EXCITING THING AS A STUDENT TO
SEE SOMEONE WHO'S LIKE IN THE
HIGHEST ACADEMIC STANDING
OF UNIVERSITY AND HAS A
DISABILITY.
AND THEN LASTLY I'LL BRING THIS
UP LATER TO YOU IN THE BOTTOM
LEFT THE DISABILITY DAY
OF MOURNING.
THIS IS AN ANNUAL EVENT STARTED
BY THE AUTISTIC SELF ADVOCACY
NETWORK TO MEMORIALIZE PEOPLE
WITH DISABILITIES WHO ARE, YOU
KNOW, EXPERIENCING VIOLENCE DIE
AS A RESULT OF THAT VIOLENCE.
IT WAS STARTED AFTER A PATTERN
WATCHING MEDIA COVERAGE
OF DEATHS OF AUTISTIC PEOPLE
BEING COVERED IN AN UNFAIR WAY
.
AND SO WE ALSO COLLABORATE EACH
YEAR TO HOLD THAT EVENT ON DIAG
THERE'S ALSO A PICTURE ON THE
SLIDE OF ABOUT SIX PEOPLE
STANDING IN FRONT OF THE UNITED
STATES PARALYMPICS TEAM LOGO.
WE HAD A PARALYMPICS WATCH
PARTY THIS YEAR AND WE'RE
EXCITED TO CELEBRATE AND WATCH
EUBAM PARALYMPIC PLAYERS.
SO THAT'S KIND OF OUR
DISABILITY CULTURE FOR SOCIAL
NETWORKING COLLABORATIONS I
MENTIONED WE RELY AND WORK A
LOT WITH A COUPLE OF NURSING
GROUPS LIKE LGBTQ PLUS NURSING
AND COPE WHICH IS A MENTAL
HEALTH GROUP AND THEN ALSO THE
VARIETY OF OTHER DISABILITY
GROUPS ON CAMPUS.
I STARTED MY FRESHMAN YEAR AND
THERE WAS ONE MAYBE TWO GROUPS
AND NOW THERE'S LIKE FIVE OR
SIX SO THAT'S SUPER EXCITING
AND A LOT OF THEM ARE POPPING
UP IN HEALTH SCIENCES WHICH IS
REALLY COOL BECAUSE THERE'S A
LOT OF STIGMA AND SOMETIMES
LITERAL POLICY BARRIERS LIKE
TECHNICAL STANDARDS THAT KEEP
PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES OUT
OF THE PROFESSION OF NURSING
PREMED ANY SORT OF CLINICAL
PROFESSION.
>> SO DRIVE WHICH FROM
KINESIOLOGY THAT HP WHICH IS A
PREMED GROUP BIOETHICS AND THEN
SOME OF THE LEARNING
COMMUNITIES LIKE MICHIGAN
COMMUNITY SCHOLARS PROGRAM HAVE
REACHED OUT AND WE'VE HAD
PROGRAMING WITH THEM AND THEN
ALSO MEDICAL STUDENTS FOR
DISABILITY HEALTH AND ADVOCACY
OF COURSE >> ONE THING TOO IS
THAT WE KNOW A LOT OF PEOPLE
WHO REQUIRE ACCOMMODATIONS
MIGHT NOT BE OFFERED THE SAME
ACCESSIBLE INTERNSHIP
EXPERIENCES OPPORTUNITIES FOR
COLLABORATING ON PUBLICATIONS,
THINGS LIKE THAT.
SO WE'VE REALLY DONE A LOT
OF RESEARCH INTO WHAT STUDENTS
WITH DISABILITIES LIKE WHAT
PLACES ARE OPERATING FOR
THEM
AND RECOMMENDING THOSE PROGRAMS
TO THEM HELPING THEM WITH
EDUCATION, HELPING MAKE
CONNECTIONS WITH PEOPLE WHO
HAVE ALREADY BEEN THROUGH THOSE
PROGRAMS.
SO SOME OF THOSE INCLUDE THE
AUTISTIC SELF ADVOCACY NETWORKS
ASAI PROGRAM OF WHICH I'M AN
ALUMNI SAME WITH DISABILITY
WHICH IS AN INTERNSHIP FOR
DISABLED HEALTH CARE WORKERS AT
U OF M THE CENTER FOR
DISABILITY HEALTH AND WELLNESS.
WE'VE CONNECTED PEOPLE THERE.
WE HAVE A COUPLE OF MEMBERS WHO
ARE ON NOW THE NEW SWEATMAN
STUDENT ADVISORY BOARD WHICH IS
EXCITING DOCS WITH DISABILITIES
ACCESS AND NURSING.
>> THOSE ARE BOTH RESEARCH
GROUPS THAT DO A LOT
OF IMPORTANT BENCHMARKING DATA
ON STUDENTS WITH DISABILITIES
AND THEN WE'VE ACTUALLY BEEN
REACHED OUT TO A COUPLE
OF TIMES BY THE MICHIGAN DAILY
ASKING FOR DISABLED
PERSPECTIVES ON IMPORTANT
THINGS HAPPENING ON CAMPUS SO
IT'S VERY EXCITING TO MAKE
THOSE CONNECTIONS FOR PEOPLE
AND SEE WHAT COMES OUT OF IT.
>> I DO BELIEVE THAT JIM HAS
HELPED PEOPLE TO BELIEVE THAT
THERE IS A WAY TO FOCUS THEIR
CAREER ON DISABILITY HEALTH BY
CONNECTING THEM WITH THESE
PROGRAMS.
>> AND THEN LASTLY POLICY.
SO OBVIOUSLY WITH 14 TO SEVEN
MINIMUM WAGE LAW WE'VE BEEN
INVOLVED IN THAT SEEING WITH
THE CDC AND DISABILITY DATA.
THIS WAS AN EFFORT MOSTLY LED
FROM BONNYMAN TO HONOR AT JOHNS
HOPKINS.
BUT WE WANTED TO ENSURE THAT
FUNDING FOR VITAL PROGRAMS
STAYS MORE CONSISTENT BY
COLLECTING DATA ON PEOPLE WITH
DISABILITIES IN A WAY THAT
DOESN'T DIMINISH OUR SORT
OF LIKE REPRESENTATION AND THEN
LIKE I MENTIONED AT PUBLIC
TRANSPORTATION WHEN THAT BIG
SURVEY WENT OUT, WE WERE
INVOLVED IN THAT TRYING TO
CHALLENGE THE TECHNICAL
STANDARDS AT THE SCHOOL
OF NURSING IS SOMETHING WE'VE
BEEN A PART OF THAT IS SORT
OF HAPPENING SLOWLY AT NURSING
SCHOOLS OVER THE NATION, ACROSS
THE NATION AND WE DO BELIEVE
WE'VE PROVIDED SOME GOOD
EDUCATION ON THAT.
BUT WE'RE STILL LEADING
OBVIOUSLY WITH DISABILITY
CULTURAL CENTER.
>> IT'S A LONG HAUL.
IT'S A FIGHT THAT WE'RE PROUD
TO BE A PART OF IT AND THEN
OBVIOUSLY WE HAVE OUR WORK CUT
OUT FOR US AND WE WILL BE
CONTINUING WITH OUR POLICY
ADVOCACY.
SO THAT'S KIND OF ALL I HAVE TO
SAY ABOUT DISABILITY JUSTICE AT
MICHIGAN.
AS I MENTIONED, OUR DISABILITY
DAY OF MOURNING IT'S MARCH 1ST
EACH YEAR BUT WE'RE BUILDING
HOURS ON THE TWENTY EIGHT FROM
FOUR TO FIVE P.M. IN THE DIAG
WE'LL HAVE ASL INTERPRETATION
AND CART AS WELL AS SEATING AS
WELL.
SO UM YEAH THANK YOU SO MUCH
AND LET ME KNOW IF YOU HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS.
>> MY CONTACT IN OUR
INSTAGRAM'S ON DISPLAY
COMMISSIONER ZACH I'M SORRY
COMMISSIONER RADCLYFFE UM WELL
COMMISSIONER DAMON HAD HIS HAND
UP BEFORE MINE.
>> OK GO AHEAD GO AHEAD
COMMISSIONER.
WHAT GAME WAS THAT?
THAT WAS MY FIRST QUESTION.
>> OH YEAH.
SO FRIDAY FEBRUARY TWENTY EIGHT
FOUR TO FIVE P.M. OK AND REALLY
I JUST PART OF IT IS I JUST
WANTED TO SAY THANK YOU FOR ALL
THAT YOU'VE DONE FOR THE
DISABILITY COMMUNITY AT U OF M
WHEN I WAS IN COLLEGE AND OTHER
STATE WE HAD NOTHING LIKE THIS
AND MY MY AUNT WAS A NURSE WHO
HAD A DISABILITY BACK IN THE
SIXTIES AND SEVENTIES AND YOU
KNOW JUST THINKING ABOUT HOW
DIFFERENT THINGS ARE NOW
BECAUSE OF THE STUDENTS LIKE
YOU LIKE IT JUST IT'S SOMETHING
TO SEE.
BUT I BUT MY REAL QUESTION
THOUGH REALLY IS BECAUSE OF HOW
THINGS ARE MOVING ALONG IN
TERMS OF WHAT'S HAPPENING AT
THE FEDERAL LEVEL, DO YOU SEE
ANY ROADBLOCKS COMING UP FOR
THIS PARTICULAR NETWORK THAT
YOU GIVE THEM OR ASSISTANCE
THAT'S NEEDED FROM THE FROM
KODAI IN THE OUTSIDE?
YEAH.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, RICHARD
RADCLYFFE.
>> IT'S REALLY COOL TO HEAR
ABOUT YOUR AUNT AS WELL.
YEAH, I WOULD SAY DGM IS A
PRETTY IT'S A UNIQUE CLUB.
>> I THINK PRETTY MUCH ALL
OF OUR MEMBERS WHO HAVE BEEN
CONSISTENTLY HERE AT THE YEARS
ARE LIKE PRODUCTS OF SECTION
FIVE OF FOUR AND HAVING ACCESS
TO ACCOMMODATIONS AND THAT IS
WHAT HAS HELPED THEM GET TO YOU
THEM AND GET TO NURSING SCHOOL.
>> SO I DO WORRY ABOUT ENOUGH
STUDENTS KIND OF DOWN THE LINE
HAVING THE OPPORTUNITY TO COME
TO COLLEGE AND HAVING THE
SPORTS TO DO SO.
IN THE SHORT TERM THOUGH, I
THINK WE ARE A SMALLER CLUB.
A LOT OF THE DISABILITY
IDENTITY FOCUSED CLUBS AT U
OF M ARE SMALLER AND ANY WAY
THAT WE CAN LIKE GET THE WORD
OUT MORE THAT WE EXIST I THINK
IS AN OPPORTUNITY FOR MORE
PEOPLE TO GET INVOLVED.
ALLIES ARE PEOPLE WHO IDENTIFY
WITH THE GROUP'S IDENTITY FOCUS
.
SO YEAH, I THINK THAT IF
THERE'S ANY WAY TO GET OUT THE
WORD OUT I'M LIKE THIS
OPPORTUNITY HAS BEEN REALLY
HELPFUL CONTAINMENT.
>> YEAH.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH JUST FOR YOUR
TIME AND THAT WONDERFUL
EXPLANATION BUT ALSO I'M VERY
ENCOURAGED BY WHAT DISABILITY
JUSTICE OF MICHIGAN, YOU KNOW,
HAS BEEN ABLE TO CONTINUE TO DO
AND YOU KNOW, IT'S JUST VERY
ENCOURAGING TO HEAR AND SEE.
I'M VERY, VERY GLAD THAT YOU
HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONNECT
WITH JUDY HUMAN IN HEAR HER
KIND WORDS.
I HAVE TO SAY FOR THE BRIEF
TIME THAT I DID CONNECT WITH
HER AND MEET HER IN PERSON.
IT WAS A PHENOMENAL EXPERIENCE
.
I ALSO WANTED TO RECOMMEND THE
SOCIETY FOR HEALTH CARE
PROFESSIONALS WITH
DISABILITIES.
YOU CAN REACH THEM BY GOING TO
DISABILITY SOCIETY DRUG THAT
MIGHT ALSO BE A GREAT RESOURCE
FOR YOU.
THERE'S SORT OF A SOCIAL
ENTERPRISE THAT WAS DEVELOPED
TO PROVIDE FREE RESOURCES AND
SUPPORT FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH
DISABILITIES WHO DO WORK IN THE
HEALTH CARE INDUSTRY.
SO THIS INCLUDES PHYSICIANS,
PHARMACEUTICALS, NURSES AS YOU
MENTIONED EMPLOYEES AND PAYORS
AND AND OTHERS AND THEY ALSO
WELCOME STUDENTS AS WELL.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THAT
RESOURCE.
ABSOLUTELY.
AND THEN ALSO JUST WANTED TO
YEAH.
JUST SAY THANK YOU AND
HOPEFULLY YOU CAN DEFINITELY
KEEP US IN THE LOOP AND YOU
KNOW AS A COLLEAGUE FOR DJAME
AS YOU GUYS MOVE FORWARD AND
PLEASE KEEP US IN THE LOOP ON
MARCH EVENT HOPEFULLY SOME
COMMISSIONERS CAN CAN MAKE IT
OUT BUT ALSO AS YOU HAVE OTHER
FUN EVENTS, YOU KNOW WITH THE
UNIVERSITY AS WELL.
>> OF COURSE.
OF COURSE.
THANK YOU.
ARE THERE ANY OTHER QUESTIONS
FOR TESTS THIS TIME?
>> I JUST WANTED TO SAY THANK
YOU SO MUCH, TESSA FOR THE
PRESENTATION.
I BELIEVE AND I AM ON THE
PROVOS ADVISORY COMMITTEE FOR
DISABILITY SO I WOULD BE REALLY
GREAT TO GET YOUR NAME JUST IN
FRONT OF THE POST AND UPDATE ON
KIND OF THE WORK THAT YOU'RE
DOING.
>> SO I'VE NOTED DOWN YOUR
DETAILS BUT THANK YOU FOR THE
GREAT WORK AND I'LL MAKE SURE
UPLIFTER.
THANK YOU.
GET COMMISSIONER PACKARD.
>> DID YOU HAVE YOUR HAND UP?
YES, DO JUST WANTED TO SAY ALSO
I REALLY APPRECIATE WHAT YOU'RE
DOING.
I HAVE A NURSE WHO BECAME
DISABLED WHILE ON THE JOB.
I MEAN NOT DURING MY SHIFT BUT
JUST SOMETHING THAT HAPPENED TO
ME THREE YEARS AGO I BECAME
LEGALLY BLIND IN THE MIDST
OF BEING A NURSE THERE AND SO I
UNDERSTAND SOME OF THE
CHALLENGES AND I REALLY
APPRECIATE WHAT YOUR GROUP DOES
WHO IS ELIGIBLE TO BE MEMBERS
THERE AND FEEL FREE ANYTHING WE
CAN DO TO HELP PROMOTE YOUR
CAUSE FURTHER?
>> YEAH.
YEAH.
SO DGM IS AFFILIATED WITH THE
SCHOOL OF NURSING.
THERE ARE EVENTS AND THEY'RE
VERY SUPPORTIVE OF US BUT WE'RE
NOT TECHNICALLY AFFILIATED WITH
THE UNIVERSITY THROUGH THE EZO
PROCESS.
I'M NOT SURE WHAT IT STANDS FOR
BUT I DO KNOW THAT THERE'S
DIFFERENT LEVELS OF OF GROUPS
SO WE'RE OPEN TO ANYBODY WHO IS
YOU KNOW, WILLING TO
PARTICIPATE AND WHO YOU KNOW,
LIKE I SAID, WE'VE HAD PEOPLE
WHO ARE SOMEONE'S GRANDPARENTS
STARTED COMING BECAUSE THEY'RE
INTERESTED IN THE TOPIC OF WHEN
WE DID THE INSTITUTIONALIZATION
BECAUSE THEY HAD LIVED THROUGH
YEARS OF THAT TIME.
SO WE'RE REALLY OPEN TO ANYONE
WHO'S LIKE RESPECTFUL OF THE
RULES OF THE SCHOOL.
OF COURSE WHEN WE HAVE LIKE
SCHOOL EVENTS BUT YEAH.
>> YEAH GOOD.
I CAN'T WE HAVE A GOOGLE
CLASSROOM AND WE HAVE AN
INSTAGRAM WHERE WE POST ALL
OF OUR INFORMATION ABOUT EVENTS
.
SO IF ANYBODY IS INTERESTED
PLEASE EMAIL ME AND I CAN ADD
YOU TO THAT OR IF YOU WANT TO
FOLLOW OR INSTAGRAM IT'S JUST
DISABILITY JUSTICE AT MICHIGAN
IT POP UP EXCELLENT.
>> THANK YOU.
>> OUTSTANDING.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
OH ONE MORE HAND THERE
COMMISSIONER.
>> SORRY I SNUCK THAT IN AT THE
LAST MINUTE TESTS.
HAVE YOU EVER DONE ANY WORK
WITH THE COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY
CONCERNS OUT OF THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN?
I CAN'T SPEAK DIRECTLY FOR
THEM.
I'M A MEMBER BUT I'M THINKING
THAT THIS PRESENTATION THAT YOU
PROVIDED MIGHT BE SOMETHING
THEY MAY BE VERY INTERESTED IN
HEARING
.
YEAH, SO I WORKED WITH DR.
EMECO WHO IS PART OF THE
COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS
FOR A LONG TIME THEY JUST MOVED
TO A DIFFERENT UNIVERSITY BUT
I'VE ONLY BEEN CONNECTED
THROUGH THAT WAY AND I KNOW
THAT THEY WERE, YOU KNOW,
NOTIFIED AND PART OF SORT
OF LIKE THE SPREADING THE
ANTHOLOGY.
BUT YEAH, I CAN DEFINITELY
CONNECT WITH THEM FURTHER AND I
APPRECIATE THAT AS I'VE ENTERED
MY SENIOR YEAR AND I'M FIGURING
THINGS OUT, SOME THINGS
DEFINITELY HAVE GONE BY THE
WAYSIDE SO IT'S PERFECT TO BE
REMINDED.
>> THANK YOU FOR YEAH NEITHER
YOU KNOW I CAN DEFINITELY IF
YOU NEEDED ANYTHING TO SORT
OF YOU KNOW, WORK THROUGH THOSE
CONNECTIONS AND GET THEM MORE
STREAMLINED YOU KNOW REACH OUT
TO ME.
>> SO I'M HAPPY TO CONNECT YOU
DIRECTLY WITH THEM ALL RIGHT.
WELL THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THAT
PRESENTATION AND I'D LIKE TO
MOVE ON TO OUR NEXT
PRESENTATION OF THE MEETING
WITH WHICH IS THE WASHINGTON
LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND AND PRINT
DISABLED WITH KADIM UNKOVIC.
>> KATIE, WELCOME.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, ZACH.
IT'S GREAT TO BE HERE AS USUAL.
I JUST HAVE A COUPLE OF THINGS
TO SHARE WITH YOU TODAY.
I'VE GOT SOME UPCOMING EVENTS
THAT ARE COMING TO THE LIBRARY.
WE HAVE THE EIGHT TO ZERO
SUSTAIN ABILITY FORUM THIS THE
TOPIC FOR THIS FORUM IS
CIRCULAR INNOVATION IN ANN
ARBOR AS FOOD AND BEVERAGE
SECTORS THIS IS GOING TO BE ON
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24TH FROM
SIX TO SEVEN P.M. AT THE
DOWNTOWN LIBRARY ON THE FOURTH
FLOOR.
ANYONE WHO HAS BEEN TO ANN
ARBOR KNOWS JUST HOW
EXTRAORDINARY ITS FOOD AND
BEVERAGE SCENE IS IN ADDITION
TO PROVIDING WONDERFUL
RESIDENTS AND VISITORS, MANY
LOCAL FOOD AND BEVERAGE
BUSINESSES ARE ADOPTING
SUSTAINABLE PRACTICES TO REDUCE
THEIR ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT.
COME JOIN US FOR THE SECOND
SEASON OF THE 2025 SUSTAIN
MOBILITY FORUM SERIES TO LEARN
ABOUT THE WORK AND ARBOR'S
OFFICE OF SUSTAINABILITY IS
DOING TO ADVANCE SUSTAINABILITY
WITHIN THE LOCAL FOOD BUSINESS
COMMUNITY AS WELL AS HEAR FROM
THE LOCAL FOOD ENTREPRENEURS
WHO ARE REDUCING LANDFILL WASTE
AND ADVANCING A MORE CIRCULAR
REGENERATIVE FOOD SYSTEM.
>> WE HAVE ONE COMING.
I'M PRETTY EXCITED I WILL BE
HELPING HOST THIS ONE.
THIS IS CALLED MIND GAMES
TRIVIA.
THIS IS GOING TO BE ON FRIDAY
MARCH 7TH FROM TWO TO THREE
THIRTY PM AND THIS WILL BE AT
OUR PITTSFIELD BRANCH.
THIS IS FOR PEOPLE WHO LOVE
TRIVIA BUT DON'T LIKE TO GO OUT
AT NIGHT.
WE'VE GOT THE PERFECT GAME FOR
YOU.
JOIN US FOR THIS ENTERTAINING
MULTIMEDIA TRIVIA EVENT WHERE
YOU'LL COMPETE IN FOUR ROUNDS
OF TRIVIA TO WIN SNAZZY ADLE
SWAG AND BRAGGY TO LET YOU KNOW
ABOUT SOME OF THE MATERIALS
THAT ARE AVAILABLE ALL
WASHINGTON LIBRARY FOR THE
BLIND PATRONS CAN ORDER THEIR
BOOKS ON DIGITAL CARTRIDGE BY
GIVING US A CALL AT SEVEN THREE
FOUR THREE TWO SEVEN FOUR TWO
TO FOUR OR YOU CAN EMAIL US AT
W B PDA AT A DIALOG AND YOU CAN
ALWAYS SIGN UP ALSO FOR THE
BRAILLE AND AUDIO READING
DOWNLOAD SERVICE CALLED BAAD
AND THAT'S WHERE YOU CAN
DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN BOOKS.
YOU CAN DO THAT ON A PC OR YOU
CAN DO IT ON YOUR PERSONAL
DEVICE.
YOU JUST NEED TO BE A MEMBER
OF THE WASHINGTON LIBRARY FOR
THE BLIND AND PRINT DISABLED
THEN VISIT THE WEBSITE AND I'LL
BE A R D ALOSI GOVEY OR JUST
GIVE US A CALL AT THE NUMBER I
MENTIONED BEFORE AND WE CAN
ASSIST YOU WITH THAT
APPLICATION OVER THE PHONE.
>> SO HERE'S A COUPLE OF BOOKS
THAT YOU CAN NEWLY FIND ON
BAADE.
THE FIRST ONE IS CALLED
AUTHENTIC HAPPINESS THE
ESSENTIAL GUIDE TO BEING TRULY
HAPPY DISCOVER USEFUL WAYS AND
HOW TO LIVE A LIFE FULL OF TRUE
AND AUTHENTIC HAPPINESS BY
GERARD PILLAR EVERYONE ASPIRES
TO BE HAPPY YOU WOULD BE HARD
PRESSED TO FIND SOMEONE WHO
WILL SAY HE DOESN'T WANT TO BE
HAPPY AND FULFILLED IN HIS
LIFE.
HAPPINESS HAS A LOT
OF BENEFITS.
IT CAN BRING TO OUR LIVES.
STUDIES SHOW THAT HAPPINESS IS
GOOD FOR OUR HEALTH BECAUSE IT
PROTECTS YOUR IMMUNE SYSTEM,
PROTECTS YOUR HEART AND FIGHTS
AWAY STRESS.
SOME SUCH HAPPINESS CAN
ACTUALLY ALLEVIATE PAIN.
THIS BOOK WILL HELP YOU FIND
THAT HAPPINESS INSIDE YOU.
IT WILL HELP YOU DISCOVER
YOURSELF AND FIND YOUR PURPOSE
SO YOU CAN FIND MEANING
OF HAPPINESS.
IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO FEEL TRULY
HAPPY ALL OF THE TIME BECAUSE
THERE ARE PROBLEMS WE DO
ENCOUNTER AN UNAVOIDABLE
DIFFICULT CIRCUMSTANCES WE FACE
THAT ARE ALL PART OF LIFE.
BUT IF WE CHOOSE TO BE HAPPY
THERE IS NO REASON NOT TO FIND
THAT HAPPINESS AND THE SECOND
ONE IS CALLED SMELLING TO
SURVIVE THE AMAZING WORLD
OF OUR SENSE OF SMELL VIBE'S
HANDSON SMELL IS ARGUABLY THE
LEAST UNDERSTOOD SENSE YET IT
HAS ALWAYS BEEN A VITAL
COMPONENT OF THE HUMAN
EXPERIENCE AND THAT OF ALL
LIVING CREATURES.
IT CAN BE USED TO WARN, TO
ATTRACT, TO IDENTIFY, TO
NAVIGATE AND EVEN TO MISLEAD.
HANSEN EXPLAINS SOME OF THESE
FANCY FASCINATING PROCESSES.
HE EXPLORES HOW THE PAST WOULD
HAVE SMELLED QUITE DIFFERENT TO
OUR ANCESTORS AND HOW FUTURE
TECHNOLOGIES WILL FURTHER
CHANGE THE WORLD OF SCIENCE AND
THAT IS ALL THAT I HAVE FOR YOU
ALL TODAY.
DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
COMMENTS, THINGS TO SAY ABOUT
THE LIBRARY?
I MEAN I JUST WANT TO SAY,
KITTY, NOTHING SMELLS FISHY
ABOUT THAT LAST THINKS THAT
YEAH.
NO I REALLY GREAT STUFF AND YOU
KNOW, VERY EXCITING.
I MEAN THEY TO ZERO YOU KNOW
EVENT COMING UP THE ADL
ESPECIALLY IN OUR WONDERFUL
RESTAURANT BUSINESS YOU KNOW, I
THINK WILL BE VERY INTERESTING
TO HEAR ABOUT THE
SUSTAINABILITY THERE AND THEN
YES, YOUR TRIVIA EVENT COME ON
FOLKS, GET OUT.
THERE IS SOME GREAT TRIVIA.
ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
YEAH.
AHEAD THE QUESTIONS FOR KATIE
AT THIS TIME
DOESN'T LOOK LIKE
IT SO WELL WE HOPE TO SEE AT
THE LIBRARY AND IF NOT I WILL
SEE YOU NEXT MONTH.
>> YOU HAVE A GREAT MEETING.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, KATIE AND
THANK YOU FOR ALL THAT THE
ANABAPTISTS LIBRARY DOES FOR
OUR COMMUNITY.
WE APPRECIATE.
>> YOU'RE WELCOME.
BYE EVERYBODY.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE HAVE THE DISABILITY
NETWORK WASHTENAW MONROE
LIVINGSTON REPORT WITH ANDREA
HENRY.
GOOD AFTERNOON, ANDREA.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
A FEW EVENTS TO SHARE WITH YOU
THIS AFTERNOON.
DELECTABILITY WINTER TWENTY
TWENTY FIVE.
>> ARE YOU INTERESTED IN
GROWING YOUR CULINARY SKILLS?
WANT TO BE THE NEXT TOP CHEF OR
JUST WANT TO GET OUT OF THE
HOUSE AND HAVE SOME FUN?
>> JOIN US ANY EXPERIENCE LEVEL
FOUR HANDS ON COOKING CLASSES
YOU'LL LEARN COOKING SKILLS,
HEALTHY EATING HABITS THEY'LL
FOCUS THE CLASSES WILL FOCUS ON
DEVELOPING A VARIETY OF COOKING
SKILLS AND APPLYING THEM TO
SPECIFIC RECIPES WITH A FOCUS A
MAIN FOCUS ON SIDE DISHES SHARE
WITH YOUR FELLOW CHEFS IN
TRAINING THAT'S TAKING PLACE
CURRENTLY ON WEDNESDAYS IN OUR
ANN HARBOR LOCATION FROM TWELVE
THIRTY TO TWO P.M. AGES 14 LAST
SPOKE AND IT IS A FIVE DOLLAR
PER CLASS FOR INGREDIENTS AND
WHATNOT.
>> SPRING FLING DANCE THE
WEATHER MAY BE FROSTY RIGHT NOW
BUT SOON ENOUGH SPRING WILL BE
IN BLOOM.
JOIN US FOR GROOVY TUNES AND
FUNKY DANCE MOVES AT DISABILITY
NETWORK WASHTENAW IN OUR
ENTEROPATHY ON FRIDAY MARCH
14TH DANCE MEET NEW PEOPLE AND
HAVE FUN.
IT'S FROM SIX TO EIGHT P.M.
AGAIN AGES 14 PLUS IT'S FREE TO
ATTEND REGISTRATION IS REQUIRED
AND IS OPEN UNTIL MARCH 10TH.
WE HAVE A SPRING ARTS EXPO
COMING IN APRIL.
JOIN US FOR AN UNFORGETTABLE
EVENING AT DISABILITY NETWORK
AND OUR OFFICE WILL BRING
TOGETHER A DYNAMIC BLEND
OF VISUAL ART, LITERATURE,
THEATER AND DANCE AND ONE
VIBRANT CELEBRATION
OF CREATIVITY COME BE A PART
OF THIS INTERACTIVE AND
INCLUSIVE EXPERIENCE THAT
CELEBRATES THE RICHNESS OF THE
ARTS IN ALL FORMS.
THAT IS THURSDAY, APRIL 10 FROM
SIX TO EIGHT EIGHT P.M. AT THE
GALLERY BEGIN DISABILITY
NETWORK SQUASHER OFFICE FREE TO
ATTEND COMING AT THE END
OF APRIL IS THE NOTHING ABOUT
US WITHOUT US FILM FESTIVAL
DISABILITY NETWORK WASHED-OUT
MONROE LIVINGSTON IN
COLLABORATION WITH DISABILITY
NETWORK WEST IS HOSTING THE
FIFTH ANNUAL NOTHING ABOUT US
WITHOUT US VIRTUAL FILM
FESTIVAL ON WEDNESDAY APRIL
TWENTY THIRD AND THURSDAY APRIL
TWENTY FOURTH.
MORE DETAILS TO COME AS THAT
EVENT GETS A LITTLE CLOSER AND
FINALLY THE MIDDLE OF FEBRUARY
BUT SAVE THE DATE FOR OUR
ANNUAL AMERICANS WITH
DISABILITIES ACT CELEBRATION
HAPPENING THIS SUMMER ON
SATURDAY JULY TWENTY SIXTH AT
OUR WASHTENAW LOCATION FROM NEW
TO FIVE FREE FOOD FUN
ACTIVITIES SPEAKERS COMMUNITY
RESOURCES ALL KINDS OF GOOD
STUFF HAPPENING AT THAT.
SO SAVE THE DATE FOR THAT WITH
MORE THOUGHTS AND MORE
INFORMATION TO COME AS THAT
ALSO GETS A LITTLE CLOSER,
THESE EVENTS AND MORE CAN BE
FOUND ON OUR WEBSITE.
CALLENDAR GMW AT MOUTHGUARD OR
YOU CAN CALL OUR OFFICE AT
SEVEN THREE FOUR NINE SEVEN ONE
ZERO TWO SEVEN SEVEN OR SEND US
AN EMAIL AT INFO G AND W EMELLE
DOT ORG
.
THAT IS WHAT I HAVE FOR
EVERYONE TODAY UNLESS ANYBODY
HAS ANY QUESTIONS.
NO QUESTION.
JUST A COMMENT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH ANDREA TO YOU
ALL THE STAFF AT THE DISABILITY
NETWORK WATCHING.
I'M ANDREA LIVINGSTON VERY
EXCITED FOR THAT JULY ADA
EVENT.
IT'S ALWAYS A GREAT TIME.
YOU GUYS ALWAYS DO A GREAT JOB
AND OF COURSE YOU KNOW IT'S
GREAT TO BE ABLE TO SUPPORT YOU
KNOW, I THINK UPCOMING WHAT THE
THIRTY FIFTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE
ADA IT'S FIVE AS IT WAS PASSED
IN NINETEEN NINETY BUT YEAH
VERY VERY EXCITING FOR THAT AND
THEN OF COURSE YOU GUYS I'M A
BIT IMPARTIAL BUT THE NOTHING
ABOUT US WITHOUT US FILM
FESTIVAL THEY'RE AMAZING
AMAZING EVENT IT IS VIRTUAL
CORRECT.
>> CORRECT IT IS VIRTUAL.
I DON'T YET HAVE A LISTING
OF FILMS AND ACTIVITIES BUT I'M
SURE THAT WILL BE COMING FOR ME
TO BE ABLE TO SHARE IT NEXT
MONTH'S MEETING I KNOW
SUBMISSION DEADLINE JUST CLOSED
AT THE END OF LAST WEEK SO I'M
SURE THAT'S ALL BEING PUT
TOGETHER AS I SPEAK HERE NOW.
SO I'LL HAVE MY INFORMATION FOR
THAT EVENT AT NEXT MONTH'S
MEETING.
>> PERFECT.
ABSOLUTELY.
ANY QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS FOR
EXCUSE ME ANDREA AT THIS TIME?
OK, WELL THANK YOU SO MUCH
ANDREA.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO OUR NEXT REPORT WE
HAVE THE PARTNERS AND ACCESS
COMMITTEE WITH VERY KEILLER
VERY WELL AND WE HAD NO MEETING
THIS MONTH.
I HAD SOME THINGS THAT NEEDED
TO BE DONE ON THAT FIRST DAY
AND I DIDN'T HAVE ANY ONE I OUR
COMMITTEE TRADITIONALLY ONLY
HAS ONE OR TWO PEOPLE SHOW.
SO I DIDN'T HEAR FROM ANYONE
ELSE THAT WAS PLANNING TO
ATTEND AND I THOUGHT IT'S GOING
TO BE DIFFICULT FOR ONE PERSON
TO CHAIR IT IF THEY'RE THE ONLY
ONE.
SO I CAN'T HELP BUT WE'LL HAVE
OUR NEXT MEETING ON THE 13TH
OF NEXT MONTH.
I HAVE NOTHING GOING ON SO I
WILL BE THERE AND WHOEVER WANTS
TO SHOW UP WE'VE GOT A FEW
THINGS WE CAN TAKE TIME TO
DISCUSS SO LIKE YOUR VOICE AS
THURSDAY THE THIRTY OF NEXT
MONTH.
ALL RIGHT.
I DID HAVE A QUICK QUESTION FOR
PARTNERS AND ACCESS
SUBCOMMITTEE MEMBERS IF I MAY
BECAUSE WE HAD TALKED I THINK
LAST MONTH ABOUT COMMISSIONER
KEN BALLARD, YOU KNOW,
FOLLOWING UP WITH THE MICHIGAN
SEEING IF THEY WERE THEY WERE
STILL ON FOR DOING
ADJUSTABILITY CENTERED PROGRAM
THERE.
I ALSO DID EMAIL THEM YOU GUYS
JUST TO FOLLOW UP ON THAT BUT I
DID NOT HEAR ANYTHING.
DO WE KIND OF KNOW THE STATUS?
I KNOW THAT THEY'RE VERY BUSY
AND THEY HAVE A BUNCH OF OTHER
PROGRAMS THAT THEY'RE
LAUNCHING.
BUT I'M KIND OF I WAS JUST KIND
OF WONDERING IF THERE WAS ANY
UPDATE ON THAT.
THIS IS COMMISSIONER AND OUR I
DON'T HAVE AN UPDATE ON THAT.
I DID I ALSO REACHED OUT I
THINK IT MAYBE ALSO HAS TO DO
WITH THE MICHIGAN THEATER
GETTING A NEW CEO MAYBE THEY'RE
GETTING UP TO SPEED AND THAT
KIND OF THING.
BUT I COULD SEND ANOTHER EMAIL
AND WHEN I DID ACTUALLY GO INTO
THE MICHIGAN THEATER AS WELL
AND WHO WE WERE TALKING TO NIC
WASN'T THERE.
>> SO I'M SORRY TO SAY I DON'T
HAVE ANY FURTHER INFORMATION.
NO WORRIES.
IF YOU DO REACH OUT OR END UP
EMAILING, PLEASE FEEL FREE TO
ASK ME TO JUST, YOU KNOW, BE
KEPT IN THE THERE AND AND SEE
IF WE CAN YOU KNOW I MEAN
OBVIOUSLY NO PRESSURE AND LIKE
YOU SAID, WE KNOW THAT THEY'RE
TRANSITIONING TO KIND OF A NEW
CEO, NEW ADMINISTRATOR IN
THERE.
BUT IT'D BE GREAT TO KIND
OF REVISIT IT I THINK
ESPECIALLY YOU AS THE ADA
ANNIVERSARY CONTINUES TO NEAR
AND THE SUMMER MONTHS.
>> SO THANK YOU.
>> I DO HAVE A QUESTION.
ALL RIGHT, LARRY.
WE MIGHT HAVE ANSWERS.
>> WELL, YOU MIGHT BUT MY
QUESTION WAS GOING TO BE TO THE
BRIAN PARTNERS HAD ACCESS I WAS
GOING TO CHECK OUT WHAT I HAD
HEARD NOTHING BUT LATER AT THE
PARK HAS BEEN BROKEN FOR A
WHILE AND I SHOULD GRAB A GLASS
BUT IF ANYBODY KNOWS HAS BEEN
SIX DOWN THERE ONE DAY I HAD
FORGOTTEN I WENT TO THE AIRPORT
ONCE BEFORE I FORGOT THAT
THERE'S A BIG OLD STAIRCASE UP
THERE AND I COULD IMAGINE
PEOPLE GOING UP THAT THING.
A LOT OF PEOPLE COULDN'T MAKE
IT SO I WAS WONDERING IF THAT
WAS WAS FIXED YET OR IF I
SHOULD JUST CHECK THAT OUT
BEFORE THE NEXT MEETING AND
MAKE SURE GREAT QUESTION,
LARRY.
SO FIRST OF ALL, THE LAST TIME
I WAS THERE WAS RIGHT BEFORE
CHRISTMAS IN THE ELEVATOR
SEEMED TO BE WORKING.
DO YOU KNOW A TIME FRAME
OF WHICH YOU VISITED THE
FACILITY IN THE ELEVATOR?
OH, WELL, I WAS THERE ON THE
EIGHTEENTH OF JANUARY.
I WAS SITTING ON A BENCH DOWN
THERE, OK?
AND I WAS GOING TO TALK A
LITTLE BIT OF TIME TO FIX IT.
>> YEAH, OK.
IF YOU LIKE I CAN FOLLOW UP AND
CCU AND CORRESPOND WITH THE ARC
AND YOU KNOW WE CAN DOUBLE
CHECK ON THAT.
I RECENTLY ACTUALLY THERE'S A
COLLEAGUE THAT I THAT I JUST
CAME ACROSS AND SHE WORKS IN
THE PROFESSION OF ELEVATOR
MAINTENANCE I'LL JUST SAY THAT
AND SHE'S FROM ANN ARBOR AND
YOU KNOW IS A VERY, VERY GREAT
RESOURCE.
SO I CAN HELP FOLLOW UP ON THAT
WITH YOU, LARRY, IF YOU'D LIKE
.
OKAY.
WELL THANK YOU.
THAT WOULD BE NICE TO ADDRESS
THAT.
SO WE GO IT'S IT'S ALL TAKEN
CARE OF YET I CAN PROBABLY THE
PROBLEM BEFORE I GET IT.
YEAH.
JUST GET ANY INFORMATION.
YEAH I WOULD SAY MAYBE WE CAN
YOU KNOW SEND JUST A YOU NICE
E-MAIL JUST WONDERING IF YOU
KNOW THE ELEVATOR SITUATION HAS
BEEN RESOLVED AND AND IF THEY
GET BACK TO US AND SAY THAT IT
IS NOT THAT WE'RE WORKING ON IT
THEN THEN I CAN PROVIDE THEM
YOU KNOW ADDITIONAL RESOURCE TO
TO THIS PARTICULAR COLLEAGUE
THAT I'M SPEAKING OF TO TO
POTENTIALLY GET THE THE RIGHT
RESOURCES IN PLACE TO GET THAT
FIXED AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
TO MY KNOWLEDGE WHEN I WAS
TALKING TO THAT PARTICULAR
INDIVIDUAL ABOUT ELEVATORS AND
THE ISSUES THAT WERE WITH THE
STATE THEATER LAST YEAR, THEY
HAD SAID IT'S JUST MAINLY ABOUT
MAINTENANCE, MAKING SURE THAT
THE ELEVATOR THEMSELVES THAT
THE MAINTENANCE IS KEPT UP.
THE ONLY CAVEAT TO THAT IS THAT
MAINTENANCE IS EXPENSIVE.
BUT YOU KNOW, IT'S ONE OF THOSE
THINGS WHERE YOU LOSE INCOME TO
A FACILITY INTO A BUSINESS IF
YOUR ELEVATORS ARE NOT WORKING
SO IN THE LONG RUN IT ACTUALLY
COST YOU MORE BY NOT
MAINTAINING THE MAINTENANCE
OF THE ELEVATORS, THROWING OFF
.
BUT THANK YOU, LARRY.
I'M REALLY GLAD THAT YOU LET ME
KNOW OF THAT AND I'LL HELP
FOLLOW UP WITH ANYTHING ELSE
FOR PARTNERS ACCESS.
OK, NOTHING FOR PART I WOULD
LIKE TO GO TO COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT BUT KENNEDY I DON'T
BELIEVE WE HAVE COMMISSIONER
HAWKINS ON WITH US TODAY.
>> COMMISSIONER HAWKINS IS NOT
HERE.
OK, THANK YOU.
SO LARRY, DON'T GO ANYWHERE
BECAUSE IT'S YOUR TURN FOR
RECRUITING ACTIVITY QUOTE I'VE
HEARD NOTHING.
I'VE SEEN NO APPLICATIONS.
I'VE HEARD NOTHING.
>> WHAT I LOVE ABOUT THE CALLS
,NOT ANYBODY TO LET THEM KNOW
EITHER.
>> SO I GREW UP WITH NOTHING
BUT A LOT AND I DON'T THINK WE
HAVE ANY I THINK WE'LL FOCUS ON
COMMISSION AT THIS POINT
APPLICATION ANNOUNCEMENT THAT
ACTUALLY KENNEDY WILL PROBABLY
EMAIL YOU FOR SOME HELP BECAUSE
FOR SOME REASON I'M NOT GETTING
IT.
>> IT WON'T LET ME SUBMIT IT
AND IT'S ALL FILLED OUT SO WELL
THAT.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
YOU KNOW, AND THERE'S THIS GUY
THAT HAS THE EXACT SAME NAME AS
YOU THAT NEEDS TO GIVE THE
REPORT FOR THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION UPDATE.
SO DO YOU MIND REACHING OUT TO
HIM REAL QUICK?
>> WELL, I DON'T I DON'T KNOW.
HE WOULD HAVE TO WAIT AND OK,
SO WE CLEARED OUT THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION.
WE CHANGED LEADERSHIP BUT WE
GOT A NEW VICE CHAIR AND CHAIR
THAT I DIDN'T GET THEIR NAMES
BECAUSE SOMETHING MADE A NOISE
AND I DIDN'T GET INTO REPEAT SO
THAT I DIDN'T GET THEIR NAMES
AND WE ALSO BUT THEY WERE
AND I DIDN'T GET INTO REPEAT SO
APPROVED AS CHAIR AND VICE
AND WE ALSO BUT THEY WERE
CHAIR FOR OUR ANNUAL REPORT
APPROVED AS CHAIR AND VICE
THAT WAS APPROVED AND WAS
CHAIR FOR OUR ANNUAL REPORT
SUPPOSED TO GET SOME MONEY
THAT WAS APPROVED AND WAS
EVENTUALLY FOR THINGS LIKE A
SUPPOSED TO GET SOME MONEY
PASSIVE AND AN HOUR WORK AND
EVENTUALLY FOR THINGS LIKE A
YOU KNOW, TO INSTALL MORE WHEN
PASSIVE AND AN HOUR WORK AND
SOMEBODY WAS SOMEBODY WAS
YOU KNOW, TO INSTALL MORE WHEN
PRESENTING AS APC'S AND HOW
SOMEBODY WAS SOMEBODY WAS
THEY COMMUNICATE WITH PEOPLE
PRESENTING AS APC'S AND HOW
WOULD COMMUNICATE WITH THE CITY
THEY COMMUNICATE WITH PEOPLE
TO HELP GET THE CROSSWALKS AND
WOULD COMMUNICATE WITH THE CITY
ROADS AND HIGHWAYS BECAUSE
TO HELP GET THE CROSSWALKS AND
THAT'S WHAT THEY WANT TO DO IS
ROADS AND HIGHWAYS BECAUSE
THEY'RE TRYING WOULD BE SETTING
THAT'S WHAT THEY WANT TO DO IS
CRITERIA FOR APACS IS LIKE THAT
THEY'RE TRYING WOULD BE SETTING
AND THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO PROVIDE
CRITERIA FOR APACS IS LIKE THAT
FOOD ON
WHAT EXACTLY THEIR
REQUIREMENTS ARE GOING TO BE TO
PUT A APSARA OR A LIGHT OR
HAUCK'S SYSTEM OR WHATEVER
THERE'S DIFFERENT CRITERIA AS
FAR AS HOW BUSY OR NOT BUSY
INTERSECTION OR CROSSWALK IS
ALWAYS GOING TO BE SOMETHING
THERE'S GOING TO BE MONEY
COMING IN FOR THE STATE FOR
ALLOCATED ALLOCATED FOR LOCAL
ITEMS, YOU KNOW, LIKE THE SPEED
LINE SPEED LIMITS TO WORK WITH
AND THE FURTHER ALONG CROSSWALK
AND OTHER AND OTHER SIDEWALK
ISSUES.
>> SO WE'RE GETTING A LOT
OF MONEY THAT WE CAN USE WHERE
WE ALSO SO FAR THAT WITNESS WAS
PUTTING UP A ROAD A ROAD
FUNDING THING TO AND WE'RE
GOING TO SEE HOW THAT FALLS OUT
WILL PROBABLY TALK ABOUT THAT
WHEN THIS EVENING AND SEE
THERE'S ALSO FUNDING FOR MORE
PROJECTS COMING AND THERE'S
GOING TO BE LOTS OF UPSIDE AND
YOU AGAIN CROSSWALK
CONSTRUCTION ALSO ALSO SOME
WATER MAINS PROBLEM AND TOWARDS
DOWNTOWN AND MORE MORE BIKE
LANES AND THE CAPITAL
IMPROVEMENT PLAN PASSED AROUND
ON THAT LAST TWO THINGS WE HAVE
A MEETING TONIGHT AT 7:00 P.M.
THAT CAN BE ACCESS AND KPM 15
IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS IF
YOU DON'T BUT IT'S AT CTM AND
ALSO MORE STREETS THAT ARE
GRADUALLY GOING TO HEAR MORE
ABOUT IT IN MY STREET CLOTHES
FOR A WEEK I JUST SAT AND I'M
WAS BECAUSE OF THE WORK I'M
BRINGING A LOT OF LINES FOR THE
NEW 250 I THEY'RE PUTTING IN SO
THAT'S IT FOR THAT.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, LARRY AND THANK YOU
FOR ALL YOUR WORK ON THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION NEXT
I'D LIKE TO MOVE ON TO THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN COUNCIL
FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS MEETING
UPDATE WITH COMMISSIONER
SALAMAN MATTHEW FAWZIA'S AND MY
STAFF FOR THE COMMISSION A
DOUBLE APOLOGY, ONE THAT I WAS
UNABLE TO ATTEND THE MEETING
LAST WEEK TO TO CATCH SCHEDULE
CONFLICT AND TO DO THAT I NEED
TO LOG OFF SHORTLY IN ORDER TO
BE AT ANOTHER ENGAGEMENT SO I
MAY BE ABLE TO PROVIDE SOME
NOTES LATER BUT I WAS NOT
PRESENT AT THE MEETING AND
THEREFORE CAN NOT REPORT ON
WHAT TOOK PLACE.
>> I APOLOGIZE.
NO PROBLEM.
COMMISSIONER SOLMAN YOU BALANCE
QUITE A BIT.
WE DO APPRECIATE YOUR EFFORTS
ABSOLUTELY.
YEAH PLEASE FEEL FREE WHENEVER
YOU HAVE TO DEPART PLEASE.
OVER NEXT WE HAVE THE CITY
PERSON REPORT WITH KENNEDY.
>> OH EVERYBODY I HOPE EVERYONE
IS DOING WELL AND STAYING WARM
AS OF RIGHT NOW I DON'T HAVE
ANY PERSONNEL UPDATES AS ALWAYS
IF YOU NEED ANY HELP OR
ASSISTANCE ANYTHING PLEASE LET
ME KNOW.
I KNOW SOME OF THE
COMMISSIONERS HAVE RECEIVED
THEIR REAPPOINTMENT EMAIL FROM
ME.
LARRY, I'M HAPPY TO ASSIST YOU
WITH YOURS IF YOU'VE BEEN
CONTACTED AND YOU NEED
ASSISTANCE WITH YOUR
REAPPOINTMENT APPLICATION
PLEASE LET ME KNOW.
BUT THE DEADLINE FOR
REAPPOINTMENT IS MARCH 3RD.
SO YOU HAVE TO MUCH TO LET ME
KNOW IF YOU PLAN TO DO
REAPPOINTMENT ON THE
COMMISSION.
>> IF NOT WE THE OH SORRY GREG
WHEN YOU'RE DONE.
>> YEP.
SO THE DEADLINE IS MARCH 3RD.
THAT'S THE CORRECT DEADLINE TO
LET ME KNOW IF YOU WANT TO DO
REAPPOINTMENT AND IF FOR SOME
REASON YOU DO NOT WANT TO DO IT
PLEASE JUST SEND ME AN EMAIL
NOTIFYING ME LETTING ME KNOW
THAT YOU PLAN TO RETURN WHEN
YOUR TERM EXPIRES AND THEN I
WILL LET THE CLERK OFFICE KNOW
AND I BELIEVE THAT'S ALL I HAVE
FOR YOU.
>> LARRY, YOU HAD A QUESTION.
YEAH, TO LOOK AT AGAIN AS I
SAID MARCH SIX I'LL DOUBLE
CHECK IT OUT BEFORE THEN BUT AS
I SAID MARCH SIX OK?
>> YEAH, WE CAN JUST SHOOT ME
ANY MORE CALL AND I'M HAPPY TO
ASSIST YOU TO GET YOUR
SUBMITTED BEFORE THEN.
>> OK, I'LL PROBABLY DO THAT
FRIDAY OK.
>> SOUNDS GOOD AND THAT'S ALL I
AM.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH KENNEDY
AND YEAH TO ALL WHO RECEIVED
REAPPOINTMENT LETTERS YEAH.
HOPEFULLY YOU WOULD WANT TO
CONTINUE THE WORK BE
REAPPOINTED.
WE'RE AT THE POINT FOR THE
REPORT I WILL DO MY BEST TO BE
BRIEF THERE WERE SOME GREAT
EVENTS THAT CAME UP I KNOW IN
OUR PRESENTATION PERIOD WE DID
HAVE SOMEBODY TALK ABOUT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
WHEELCHAIR BASKETBALL GAME.
I ALSO DID HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY
TO ATTEND I HOPE OTHER
COMMISSIONERS DID AS WELL
REALLY WELL ATTENDED ACTUALLY
AND THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
WHEELCHAIR BASKETBALL TEAM AND
ADAPTIVE SPORTS AND FITNESS
PROGRAM.
I'M VERY, VERY PROUD TO REPORT
THAT THEY ACTUALLY SET A RECORD
FOR ATTENDANCE FOR A SINGLE
WHEELCHAIR BASKETBALL GAME
ANYWHERE IN AMERICA.
SO OTHER THAN THE PARALYMPIC
GAMES ARE JUST ATTENDED
WHEELCHAIR BASKETBALL GAME TO
DATE.
SO VERY, VERY PROUD
OF EVERYTHING THAT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN ADAPTIVE
SPORTS AND FITNESS PROGRAM HAS
DONE AND IT IS JUST GREAT TO
SEE ALL THE THINGS THAT THEY'RE
DOING AND HOW THEY CONTINUE TO
BUILD ABSOLUTELY.
AND BY THE WAY, MICHIGAN DID
BEAT MICHIGAN STATE AND SO
ABSOLUTELY THAT WAS A GREAT
EVENT AND THEN I DID HAVE AN
OPPORTUNITY TO ATTEND.
THERE WAS ANOTHER FUNDRAISER
FOR MY CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
YESTERDAY AT CLIFTON ARENA
RIGHT NEXT TO YOST'S ARENA FOR
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN STUDENT
ATHLETES.
THEY HAVE THE MOCK ROCK EVERY
YEAR THIS TIME OF YEAR THEY
HOSTED THE TWENTY SIXTH ANNUAL
MOCK ROCK TO RAISE FUNDS FOR MY
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL HERE AT THE
UNIVERSITY.
AND SO THEY ALSO DID REALLY
WELL.
THEY HIT THEIR FORTY THOUSAND
DOLLAR GOAL SO AND KNOWING HOW
BUSY AND STRENUOUS ALL
OF STUDENTS ARE BUT THEN
OF COURSE BEING A STUDENT
ATHLETE AND ATTENDING PRACTICE
IN ADDITION TO MEETING THE
ACADEMIC DEMANDS OF THE BEST
PUBLIC UNIVERSITY IN THE
COUNTRY, I WAS VERY IMPRESSED
WITH ALL OF THEIR ORGANIZATION
AND THE PERFORMANCES OF THE
STUDENT ATHLETES WERE HILARIOUS
AS WELL AND HOPEFULLY ALL OF US
CAN ATTEND THAT EVENT NEXT YEAR
AS WELL.
OTHER THAN THAT, THAT IS ALL
THAT I HAVE REALLY I WAS JUST
GOING TO REITERATE THAT I HOPE
ALL OF US CAN MAKE THE NOTHING
ABOUT US WITHOUT US VIRTUAL
FILM FESTIVAL APRIL TWENTY
THIRD AND TWENTY FOURTH I HOPE
ALL OF US CAN HAVE A GOOD
STRONG PRESENCE THERE.
THEY REALLY DO SOME GREAT
DIALOG AND SOME GREAT GROUP
DISCUSSIONS ON A LOT OF THE
SCREENINGS AND THEN THERE'S
SOME GREAT Q&A WITH A LOT
OF THE FILMMAKERS AS WELL.
SO I THINK I FIND IT VERY
ENRICHING AND I HOPE THAT ALL
OF US CAN, YOU KNOW, HAVE THAT
ON OUR CALENDAR AS WELL AS THE
ABBA CELEBRATION IN JULY JULY
TWENTY SIXTH AT THE DISABILITY
NETWORK WASHTENAW MONROE
LEVINGSTON THAT IS MY CHAIR
REPORT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THAT.
MOVING ON KENNEDY DO WE HAVE
ANY OLD BUSINESS AT THIS TIME?
WE DO NOT HAVE ANY OLD
BUSINESS.
IS THERE ANY COMMISSIONER WHO
HAS ANY BUSINESS AT THIS TIME?
>> THERE'S NOT ALL BUSINESS.
THANK YOU KENNEDY.
NEXT WE CAN MOVE ON TO NEW
BUSINESS.
IS THERE ANY NEW BUSINESS
COMMISSIONERS WOULD LIKE TO
BRING FORWARD AT THIS TIME
?
OK, OK ONE ONE BACKER.
YES THIS IS JUST SENSE.
IT SOUNDS LIKE WE'RE
APPROACHING THE END OF THE
MEETING AND I KNOW WE'VE
DISCUSSED THIS BEFORE BUT IN
FUTURE MEETINGS IF ANYONE
SOMEHOW MAYBE WANTS TO FIND A
LOCATION FOR EXAMPLE THE
LIBRARY OR A COFFEE SHOP OR
JUST SOME PLACE IF WE WANT TO
KEEP IT ZOOM BUT HAVE A PLACE
WHERE WE CAN MIX THAT INTO A
PLACE TO BE IN PERSON IF WE
LIKE, THAT'S JUST SOMETHING I
THOUGHT I'D THROW OUT.
I KNOW WE'VE TALKED ABOUT IT
BEFORE AND YOU KNOW, GOOD
OPPORTUNITY POTENTIALLY TO TALK
ABOUT FOR EXAMPLE, I KNOW WE'VE
TALKED ABOUT A FACEBOOK AND
INSTAGRAM PAGE AND MIGHT BE
EASIER TO PUT OUR HEADS SOMEHOW
ON WHILE WE'RE ALL TOGETHER IN
THE SAME PLACE WHETHER WE
PROPOSE SOMETHING NOW OR IN
MAYBE AN EMAIL PRIOR TO OUR
NEXT MEETING I THOUGHT THROW
THAT OUT THAT SO ROB, JUST TO
CLARIFY, YOU'RE SPEAKING ON I
GUESS TWO DIFFERENT POINTS.
ONE IS THE POSSIBILITY OF A
HYBRID CODE I MEAN KIND
OF GOING FORWARD AND I CAN TELL
YOU THAT YEAH, THERE'S
DEFINITELY A POSSIBILITY FOR
HYBRID MEETINGS.
TYPICALLY WE WE HOSTED MEETINGS
OUT OF THE CITY COUNCIL
CHAMBERS TO BE ABLE TO DISCUSS
OFFICIAL CITY GOVERNMENT
BUSINESS.
SO IT'S KIND OF DIFFICULT TO
YOU KNOW I MEAN I'D LOVE TO
MEET AT A COFFEE SHOP AS WELL
SOCIALLY AND I THINK WE CAN DO
THAT.
BUT I THINK IN TERMS
OF OFFICIAL LIKE COMMISSION
BUSINESS, IT'S BEST TO DO IT
LIKE KIND OF AT THE COUNCIL
CHAMBERS.
BUT I'M OPEN TO YOUR IDEA OF OF
A HYBRID MEETING AS LONG AS THE
COMMISSION SEES THAT AS AN
ACCESSIBLE AND VIABLE OPTION
GOING FORWARD.
AND SO, YOU KNOW, I'D BE
INTERESTED TO HEAR PEOPLE'S
THOUGHTS.
WE CAN TALK A LITTLE BIT ABOUT
IT NOW AND WE CAN ALSO TALK
ABOUT IT AT A FUTURE MEETING.
WOULD A HYBRID MEETING INTEREST
COMMISSIONERS TO WHERE WE DO
COME TO CITY COUNCIL CHAMBERS
BUT THEN FOR THOSE THAT ARE NOT
ABLE TO MAKE IT, WE STILL HAVE
A OPTION FOR THEM TO JOIN ON?
>> IS THAT SOMETHING THAT THE
COMMISSION WOULD BE INTERESTED
IN?
I'LL JUST MENTION THAT IT DOES
SEEM TO WORK FOR THE ABASI WE
ARE SOMEWHERE DOWN IN AT THE
EIGHTY EIGHT BUILDING AND THAT
S INDUSTRIAL AND IT DOES SEEM
TO WORK BUT YEAH IT'S NOT QUITE
THE SAME AS IN PERSON.
I WOULD I WOULD WONDER IF WE
WOULDN'T JUST WANT TO NOT
NECESSARILY HAVE COMMISSION
BUSINESS BUT MAYBE THE SPRING
OR SUMMER JUST MEET THE
COMMISSION MEET AND JUST SAY
OF GET TO KNOW EACH OTHER
BECAUSE SOME OF THESE SOME
OF YOU LIKE NEVER SEEN IN
PERSON I WOULDN'T MIND JUST
HAVING A HYBRID MEETING JUST
GATHERING IN THE SPRING OR
SUMMER WHERE WE GOT DOWN AND
HAD SOME MEET SOMEWHERE AND
JUST IMPROVED THE CAMARADERIE
OF THE COMMISSION.
I GUESS THE PEOPLE THAT WE'VE
HEARD ABOUT OR HEARD FROM.
>> YEAH.
YEAH ABSOLUTELY.
SINCE I DON'T SEE THAT AS AN
EITHER OR BUT I THINK THAT'S A
GREAT IDEA.
>> IN ADDITION, LARRY, I
APPRECIATE IT POINT YEAH THAT'S
GREAT AND A I AGREE WITH YOU
THAT THAT THE COMMISSION THAT
SOUNDS VERY APPROPRIATE AND
SOMETHING TO THAT AND THEN
REALLY QUICKLY, COMMISSIONER,
BACK THEN YOUR SECOND POINT
OF SOCIAL MEDIA I JUST WANT TO
ACKNOWLEDGE COMMISSIONER
CHAMBERS, THANK YOU FOR BEING
ATTENTIVE TO THAT AND I JUST
WANT TO TO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
COMMISSIONER CHAMBERS, I DID
RECEIVE YOUR EMAIL AND I WILL
BE REPLYING TO THAT VERY SOON
AND SO THAT THAT LAG ON THAT
COMMISSIONERS IS IS ON ME.
SO I WILL GET A HOLD OF THOSE
COMMISSIONERS INTERESTED TO
START THE SOCIAL MEDIA OF THE
FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM AND ALL
THAT AND WE CAN GO FORWARD.
I'VE JUST BEEN A LITTLE BIT
BEHIND ON THAT AND I DO
APOLOGIZE BUT I WILL FOLLOW UP
BEFORE THE END OF THE WEEK TO
KIND OF GET THAT MOVING.
I JUST YEAH, I JUST WANTED TO
MAKE SURE I UNDERSTOOD WHAT
WHAT WAS GOING ON AND WHAT THE
NEXT STEPS WERE.
>> SO THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR
THAT.
>> SURE.
SURE.
AND ONE OTHER THING I'VE GOT TO
PUT ON THIS BOARD MEETINGS I I
WOULDN'T MIND BUT I'D HATE TO
HAVE LIKE THREE PEOPLE SERAP
WHEN THE COUNCIL CHAMBERS AND
THE REST OF THE GROUP IT
BECAUSE IT SEEMED LIKE
RESERVING I CAN'T RESERVING THE
ROOM FOR THE MEETING AND I HAVE
LIKE TWO OR THREE PEOPLE THAT
ARE IN THE REST OUT THAT WOULD
SEE THIS TO BE A LITTLE STRANGE
.
>> YEAH, I THINK WE WE HAD
ENDED UP YOU KNOW, I THINK
EVERY YEAR WE WE KIND
OF REVISIT THIS AND WE SAY HEY,
YOU KNOW IS TO YOU KNOW,
PHYSICALLY AND FOR A LOT
OF INDIVIDUALS WHO HAVE
DIFFICULTY NAVIGATING THE
SEASONS IN TRANSIT, YOU IS IT
MORE ACCESSIBLE TO DO IT
THROUGH ZOOME OR DO WE WANT TO
GO BACK TO CHAMBERS?
AND YOU KNOW, I THINK THE
CONSENSUS CANDY, PER OUR LAST
DISCUSSION AND VOTE WAS THAT
DOING A VIRTUALLY WAS
ACCESSIBLE.
BUT I ALSO I FEEL ALL OF YOU
YOU KNOW, I FEEL THE NEED FOR
THAT HUMAN CONNECTION AND I
FEEL THE NEED FOR DOING
SOMETHING IN PERSON SO I
DEFINITELY BELIEVE THAT YOU A
KODAI PICKNICK OR A KODAI
GATHERING PERSON COULD HAVE
COULD BE A POSSIBILITY.
KENNEDY I WOULD HAVE TO TO TALK
TO YOU ABOUT THAT AND SOME
OTHERS TO SEE HOW WE COULD WE
COULD ARRANGE THAT.
BUT I THINK THAT'S DEFINITELY A
POSSIBILITY.
BUT AS FAR AS HYBRID MEETINGS,
IT'S REALLY UP TO ALL OF YOU
AND WHAT ALL OF YOU ARE
COMFORTABLE WITH IN TERMS OF ,
YOU KNOW, THE ACCESSIBILITY
STANDPOINT BECAUSE I WOULD LIKE
EVERYONE TO BE ABLE TO FULLY
ATTEND AND AND SO FAR IT'S JUST
BEEN WORKING OUT VIRTUALLY
WHERE THAT'S WHERE EVERYONE IS
ABLE TO FULLY PARTICIPATE.
SO DOES THAT ANSWER YOUR
QUESTION, LARRY, THAT IT'S NOT
IT'S NOT UNHEARD OF NOT TO DO A
COMMISSION THAT WITHOUT PUBLIC
COMMISSION, WITHOUT COMMISSION
BASIS?
I REMEMBER SOMEWHERE BETWEEN
2011 AND 2013 WE DID ONE WAY
BACK WHICH WAS KIND
OF SUCCESSFUL SO OK, OK, WELL
WE CAN DEFINITELY VISIT THAT
ANY NEW BUSINESS AT THIS TIME.
OK, ACTUALLY I JUST WANTED TO
EXPOUND ON THIS CONVERSATION
REAL QUICK.
NO ONE THE ONLY CONCERN I WOULD
HAVE I HEARD LARRY SAID IT'S
BEEN DONE BEFORE BUT I WOULD BE
WORRIED ABOUT THE OPEN MEETINGS
ACT AND QUORUM IF ARE ALL GOING
TO BE TOGETHER WHAT WOULD THAT
LOOK LIKE?
SO IF KENNEDY COULD INVESTIGATE
THAT FURTHER AND THEN I'M
WONDERING, YOU KNOW, IF THERE
IS INTEREST COULD KENNEDY RUN
MAYBE A DOODLER?
PAUL TO THE COMMISSIONER IS
SAYING ARE YOU INTERESTED IN IN
PERSON OR HYBRID OR WHATEVER
AND THEN THAT WAY COMMISSIONERS
COULD DO IT IN THE PRIVACY
OF THEIR HOME.
TAKE A MINUTE TO REALLY THINK
ABOUT IT AND THEN ALL THE DATA
COULD BE COLLATED RATHER THAN
TRYING TO FIGURE IT OUT ONLINE
.
IT MIGHT BE HARDER TO DO LIKE
WELL WE'RE ALL SPEAKING AT ONCE
SO MAYBE A DOODLE POLL COULD BE
DONE.
I DON'T KNOW THAT JUST A
SUGGESTION.
>> SURE.
NO, I APPRECIATE THOSE
PERSPECTIVES, KATHLEEN AND I
APPRECIATE THAT SUGGESTION.
ABSOLUTELY.
YOU KNOW, I THINK YOU KNOW, I
DON'T SPEAK FOR YOU, KENNEDY,
BUT HOPEFULLY WE CAN TALK ABOUT
THAT AND YOU KNOW, MAYBE THAT'S
SOMETHING TO BE DONE.
KENNEDY HOPEFULLY.
BUT WE CAN WE CAN TALK ABOUT
THAT AS WELL AND YOU'RE RIGHT,
ZENECA DID KIND OF SHOEHORN IN
TALKING ABOUT SOCIAL MEDIA AND
I THINK THAT MY POINT I GUESS
WAS THE PROJECTS OR THINGS LIKE
THAT WOULD BE MAYBE MORE
CONDUCIVE TO BE ABLE TO MOVE
FORWARD IF THERE'S A GROUP
OF PEOPLE IN THE SAME ROOM
TOGETHER TO WORK ON SOMETHING
THAT MIGHT WE MIGHT NEED TO BUT
DEFINITELY I THINK THAT ALWAYS
MOVING FORWARD HAVING A ZOOM
FEATURE SO IT'S NEVER A
REQUIREMENT MAKES A LOT
OF SENSE ESPECIALLY WITH THIS
THIS GROUP THAT HAS IT'S NOT
ALWAYS EASY AND THAT'S THE
ELEMENTS TO GET TO A PLACE.
BUT THANK YOU THERE ABSOLUTELY.
ANY OTHER ADDITIONAL NEW
BUSINESS OR COMMENTS?
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT, DO WE HAVE ANY
COMMUNICATIONS KENNEDY AT THIS
TIME WE HAVE NO COMMUNICATIONS
LISTED ON THE AGENDA.
IS THERE ANY COMMISSIONER WHO
HAS ANY COMMUNICATIONS TO SHARE
WITH THE COMMISSION SAYING THAT
WE HAVE NO COMMUNICATION?
ALL RIGHT.
WELL THEN AT THIS TIME ON
FEBRUARY 19TH AT FIVE NINETEEN
PM EASTERN TIME IS THERE A
MOTION TO ADJOURN ALMOST MOVE
TO ADJOURN?
>> I LARRY MOVES TO ADJOURN.
IS THERE A SECOND AND SECOND?
ALL RIGHT, ROSNY SECONDS ALL IN
FAVOR OF ADJOURNING TODAY ON
FEBRUARY NINETEENTH AT FIVE
NINETEEN P.M. EASTERN TIME
PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY ON BYE
BYE.
>> ALL RIGHT.
BYE BYE BELGRADE MAY WELL THANK
YOU SO BASKETBALL GAME.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH LARRY.
SO MUCH EVERYBODY.
THANK YOU TO COTTON IN THE CITY
AND WE WILL SEE YOU NEXT MONTH